GTA 6 gameplay allegedly leaks ahead of planned Netflix reveal | VGC Open main menu News
Reviews
Features
Guides
PlayStation
Xbox
Nintendo
PC Gaming
Mobile
Login

Resident Evil 9 Requiem walkthrough
Star Fox: All alternate routes
New Game Release Dates

Search VGC
Login with Patreon
First for Video Game News Follow VGC

GTA 6 gameplay allegedly leaks ahead of planned Netflix reveal
Videos claiming to show Grand Theft Auto 6 are being circulated online

Video Game News
18th Aug 2026 / 7:30 pm

Posted by Andy Robinson

Videos claiming to show Grand Theft Auto 6 gameplay are being circulated online by a group protesting its lack of a physical disc version.
The footage, which VGC is not able to share but is being widely circulated on social media, appears to show gameplay of the much-anticipated Rockstar sequel, a week before its planned Netflix reveal.

One video shows Jason, one of GTA 6’s two protagonists, playing a basketball mini-game at the house featured in the game’s reveal trailer. Notably, the footage shows Jason increasing a ‘focus’ stat for successfully landing a shot, suggesting the game could feature RPG-style mechanics.
A second video alleging to show GTA 6 gameplay features a driving scene, in which Jason crashes into a delivery vehicle before engaging in a fist fight. If authentic, the footage appears to confirm that vehicles will require gas to drive.
Cyberleek, the group claiming responsibility for the alleged videos, said it had targeted Rockstar parent Take-Two in protest of its decision to sell digital pre-orders for GTA 6 and not offer a physical version . The group also published what it claims to be the game map for GTA 6.

At the time of publication, there is suggestion that some of the alleged GTA 6 videos have been pulled down following copyright strikes. VGC has asked Rockstar for comment.
If authentic, the media will represent at least the third time GTA 6 has been shown ahead of a planned reveal via leaked footage. In September 2022, one of the games industry’s most high-profile data leaks saw over an hour of GTA 6 development footage published online .
Then, in December 2023, the game’s debut trailer leaked online ahead of a planned official release.

An extended look at GTA 6 is premiering on Netflix later this month. Grand Theft Auto VI: An Extended Look premieres on Netflix on August 27, at 12pm PT / 3pm ET / 8pm BST. It will also launch on the Rockstar Games YouTube channel and the GTA 6 website six hours later.
Neither Rockstar nor Netflix has shared more information on the presentation or how long it will last.
“See an extended look at Grand Theft Auto 6 , the next evolution in the groundbreaking Grand Theft Auto series,” Netflix’s official description reads.

“Grand Theft Auto reveals have become cultural moments in their own right,” Netflix VP of nonfiction series Brandon Riegg said in a statement.
“The anticipation and fandom around Grand Theft Auto VI is unprecedented, and we’re honored that Rockstar Games has partnered with us to debut the next part of the Grand Theft Auto story with Netflix members first.
“It’s a reflection of what we hope Netflix is becoming – a place where the most ambitious storytelling, from any medium, can find the biggest possible audience.”

Post a comment

Related VGC Content The $100 Ultimate Edition of GTA 6 is selling more pre-orders than the $80 Standard Edition, Take-Two CEO says 1 week ago

Podcast: Is GTA 6’s Netflix reveal the future of game trailers? 1 week ago

Discs ‘don’t really make sense for the consumer’ says Take-Two boss on GTA 6’s digital launch 1 week ago

Take-Two reiterates that it predicts $8 billion in net bookings this fiscal year thanks to GTA 6 1 week ago

We sometimes publish affiliate links on VGC. For more information read our affiliate linking policy .

PlayStation 5
Xbox Series X | S
Rockstar Games
Netflix
Andy Robinson Editor in Chief
@Andy_VGC

Andy has worked in or around the games industry for 20 years across journalism and game development.

Grand Theft Auto 6 161 articles

PS5 DualSense Controller - White £64.99 $68.99 $74.99

PlayStation VR2 £529.99 $549.99

PlayStation Portal $199 $199 £199.99

Xbox Series X Digital $448 $449.99

PlayStation 5 Pro £699.99 $699 $699

Xbox Series S – 512GB $289.99 $299.99

Some external links on this page are affiliate links, if you click on our affiliate links and make a purchase we might receive a commission.

Popular Now on VGC 1
Former WB director says Lord of the Rings: War in the North should never have released at the same time as Skyrim

2
‘That is not happening’: Tetsuya Nomura promises players Kingdom Hearts 4 will not be delayed

3
Amazon Prime’s 9 ‘free’ games to keep for August include action RPG Steelrising

4
Simpsons creator Matt Groening seemingly accidentally confirms that The Simpsons Hit & Run is coming back

5
Uncharted designer says he doesn’t want a remake or remaster because ‘it doesn’t make any sense’

More Video Game News

Xbox and Ikea are teasing a furniture collaboration A teaser video shows what appears to be a cushion and a stool
51 minutes ago

UK preowned retailer CeX is reportedly opening two stores dedicated to retro and import games CeX already sells retro games but these reported 'ReX' stores will focus mainly on them
5 minutes ago

Codes for FromSoftware’s The Duskbloods Network Test have been sent out to participants The Nintendo Switch 2 exclusive The Duskbloods gets a Network Test this weekend, and it can be downloaded now
19 hours ago

Xbox lists its next 10 Game Pass titles, including Resonance: A Plague Tale Legacy Starsand Island and Vapor World are among the other Game Pass titles arriving
18 hours ago

By commenting on this article you agree to adhere to VGC’s community guidelines .
Join the conversation!
Already a patron? Click the button below to log in with Patreon. Not a member yet? Visit our Patreon page to become a patron and get access to community discussions and other exclusive benefits.

No comments yet. Be the first to join the discussion!

Popular Now on VGC 1
Former WB director says Lord of the Rings: War in the North should never have released at the same time as Skyrim

2
‘That is not happening’: Tetsuya Nomura promises players Kingdom Hearts 4 will not be delayed

3
Amazon Prime’s 9 ‘free’ games to keep for August include action RPG Steelrising

4
Simpsons creator Matt Groening seemingly accidentally confirms that The Simpsons Hit & Run is coming back

5
Uncharted designer says he doesn’t want a remake or remaster because ‘it doesn’t make any sense’

&copy; 1981 Media Ltd . All Rights Reserved.
No part of this site or its content may be reproduced without the permission of the copyright holder.

Explore VGC News
Reviews
Features
Guides
People
Games
Companies
Platforms
News RSS
Features RSS
Reviews RSS

Helpful Links Manage Cookie Settings
About Us
Advertising
Code of Conduct
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Review Policy
RSS Feed
VGC on Facebook
VGC Patreon
VGC Podcast
VGC on Twitter
VGC on YouTube

VGC Recommends CheatStation
CVG
Gematsu
Kinda Funny
Nintendo Life
PlayStation Trophies
Pure Xbox
Push Square
RPG Site
Respec
Time Extension
Xbox Achievements

Website by 44 Bytes